This repository contains all my python activities and code challenges for ITCS102 subject

ACTIVITIES
activity1.txt - This is my first file in Github
activity1.py - This is my 1st python activity
activity2.py - This is my 2nd python activity
activity3.py - This is my 3rd python activity
activity4.py - This is my 4th python activity
activity5.py - This is my 5th python activity
activity6.py - This is my 6th python activity
activity7.py - This is my 7th python activity
activity8.py - This is my 8th python activity
activity9.py - This is my 9th python activity
activity10.py - This is my 10th python activity
activity11.py - This is my 11th python activity
activity12.py - This is my 12th python activity
activity13.py - This is my 13th python activity
activity14.py - This is my 14th python activity
activity15.py - This is my 15th python activity
activity16.py - This is my 16th python activity
activity17.py - This is my 17th python activity
activity18.py - This is my 18th python activity
activity19.py - This is my 19th python activity
activity20.py - This is my 20th python activity

CODE-CHALLENGES
code-challenge1.py - This is my 1st python code challenge
code-challenge2.py - This is my 2nd python code challenge
code-challenge3.py - This is my 3rd python code challenge
code-challenge4.py - This is my 4th python code challenge
code-challenge5.py - This is my 5th python code challenge
code-challenge6.py - This is my 6th python code challenge
code-challenge7.py - This is my 7th python code challenge
code-challenge8.py - This is my 8th python code challenge
code-challenge9.py - This is my 9th python code challenge
code-challenge10.py - This is my 10th python code challenge
code-challenge11.py - This is my 11th python code challenge
